# Price range proof
To determine the price of an asset like gold, silver, bitcoin, etc is in a particular range zero-knowledge proofs can be used to provide better privacy. Without disclosing the price and the source of the data the information can be verified.

## Motivation

These price range proofs can be used in some financial applications which require privacy like: Prediction markets, Binary options trading, auctions, etc. These applications can leverage the price range proof to verify that the price of an asset is between a certain range of values defined by `min` and `max`.

## Proof definition

We will generate zk-SNARK proof to verify these constraints. The advantage with this approach is that the proof ensures privacy and the size of the proof is small as compared to some other zk proofs. The private input in our case is the price of the asset. This price is ideally provided by some trusted sources. The `min` and `max` price will be the public inputs to the snark. The constraints are:

1. `price` > `min`
2. `price` < `max`

These constraints are enough to prove that the price of an asset is in the provided range.

## Prover

The proof is generated by the prover after a trusted setup, so that fake proofs can't be generated. This proof can be used to verify arbitrary values of `price`, `min`, `max`. Before generating the proof prover needs to generate the witness from the inputs. New witness and proof have to be generated each time for new input values.

## Verifier

The verifier in our case will be a smart contract which is deployed on Ethereum. This verifier will only be generated once. This verifier can be used to verify any proof given the public inputs (`min` and `max`).

## Code

To generate the proofs we use Zokrates DSL for specifying constraints.

```jsx
def main(private field price, field min, field max) -> bool:
  assert(price>min)
  assert(price<max)
  return true
```

## Compile code
##### Prerequisite:https://zokrates.github.io/gettingstarted.html
1. `cd price-range-proof`
2. `zokrates compile -i PriceRange.zok`
3. `zokrates setup`
4. `zokrates compute-witness -a 2 1 3`
5. `zokrates generate-proof`
6. `zokrates export-verifier`
